Backport ERI lighting calcs from restructure-v3 (#619)
NREL/resstock: CHANGELOG.md

- Add ReEDS balancing areas as a spatial field ([#591](https://github.com/NREL/resstock/pull/591))
- Update number of bathrooms assumption to match the Building America House Simulation Protocols ([#601](https://github.com/NREL/resstock/pull/601))
- Speed up sampling algorithm by multiple orders of magnitude for large numbers of samples ([#606](https://github.com/NREL/resstock/pull/606))

> - Use Energy Rating Index equations to calculate annual interior, exterior, and garage lighting energy ([#619](https://github.com/NREL/resstock/pull/619))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use ANSI/RESNET/ICC 301 equations to calculate annual interior, exterior, and garage lighting energy ([#619](https://github.com/NREL/resstock/pull/619))
```
